well that was fun we haven't had a
chance to sing tonight haven't we
haven't have we Pino
below mama higher pilipinas
can I tell you something funny I've been
telling you all night about how they all
the crews they fill out a little bio and
all that kind of stuff so that we have
some information on them this next crew
their bio temporarily not a long time we
found it later on it got misplaced it
got misplaced I had nothing to go on and
you know what didn't need it first of
all they have a Wikipedia page which is
really cool ah but this truly is one of
those crews that they don't need an
introduction cuz everybody knows
numerous national and international
titles under their belts they are the
two thousand six and two thousand eight
hip-hop dance champions of the world
they're coming strong in 2013 from the
Philippines the Philippine all-stars
no Judas accommodates the King's brother
Abel is able to stop me not me not the
streets afternoon who can chop me so
much in chilton gonna get it all the one
thing leaning back mom this is a
three-peat we back track creatures to
you brother than Mike mall that reach
your mom still dancing full of a
piercing huh do the Rockaway lean back
lean back lean back haha come on don't
can see pull up a pants do the Rockaway
lean back lean back lean back
buster bomb now p now the Philippine
all-stars
sing to him if you love a pedo you know
I like seeing the Philippine all-stars
back on this stage I like seeing I'm
here what's your name my name I'm ball
hi good evening I'm AC
it's her birthday today and she might be
I don't know if you noticed too she
might be the most polite person we've
had here on the stage not taking away
anything from anybody else but she was
like hi good evening my name should we
say to her happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday you figure your I forgot
your name already I'm sorry hey see I'm
sorry watch anybody what up I'm Tonto
let's see my name is Maya hi I'm Cat
Krista you guys my name is Matt name is
Vince Boyd Vince you Philippine
all-stars there's a lot that comes with
that you know filipina be being the
Philippine all-stars there's a lot that
goes with I don't know what's happening
but you know what you're not going away
no no good all right then just give them
their love peanut Philippine all-stars
o Canada our home and native land